.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH DgInqOpen 3D  "Dore"
.SH NAME
DgInqOpen \- Determine which group, if any, is open
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft 3
C:
.in  +.5i
DtObject DgInqOpen()
.sp
.in -.5i
FORTRAN:
.in +.5i
INTEGER*4 DGQO()
.in -.5i
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX DGQO
.IX DgInqOpen
.I DgInqOpen
finds out which group, if any, is currently open.
If a group is currently open, \f2DgInqOpen\fP returns
its group handle.
If more than one group is open, \f2DgInqOpen\fP returns the handle of
the most recently opened group (the active group).
Note that there can be at most one group active at any given time.
.PP
If no group is currently open, \f2DgInqOpen\fP
will return \f2DcNullObject\fP <\f2DCNULL\fP>.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
DgOpen(3D), DoGroup(3D), DoInLineGroup(3D)
