.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH DoLabel 3D  "Dore"
.SH NAME
DoLabel \- Create a label organizational object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft 3
C:
.in  +.5i
DtObject DoLabel(label)
DtInt label;
.sp
.in -.5i
FORTRAN:
.in +.5i
INTEGER*4 DOLL(LABEL)
INTEGER*4 LABEL
.in -.5i
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX DOLL
.IX DoLabel
.I DoLabel
creates a label organizational object.  
Labels are objects that act as
place markers within a group;
the parameter
\f2label\fP marks that special location.
.BP
Labels can be placed anywhere within the group.  There may be more than one
location
with the same label; however, functions using labels search for the first
occurrence of a given label starting at the position of the current group
element pointer.
Labels have no effect during group execution.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.na
.nh
DgDelEleBetweenLabels(3D), DgInqElePtr(3D), DgSetElePtrRelLabel(3D)
.ad
.hy
