.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH DsInitialize 3D  "Dore"
.SH NAME
DsInitialize \- Initialize Dor\o.\(aae.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft 3
C:
.in  +.5i
void DsInitialize(processors)
DtInt processors;
.sp
.in -.5i
FORTRAN:
.in +.5i
CALL DSINIT(PROS)
INTEGER*4 PROS
.in -.5i
.fi
.IX  "DsInitialize"
.IX  "DSINIT"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I DsInitialize
initializes the Dor\o.\(aae. system.
This must be the first Dor\o.\(aae.  call made by an application.
Successive calls to this function are ignored unless preceded by a call to 
\f2DsTerminate\fP <\f2DSTERM\fP>.
.PP
The \f2processors\fP parameter specifies the multiprocessor usage
of this run of Dore.  The allowable values are:
.PP
.nh
.na
.nf
.ta 1.25i 1.5i 3i
0	use only one processor
positive number	run in multiprocessor mode, with the specified
	number of processors
.re
.ad
.hy
.fi
.PP
Note that a value of 1 tells Dore to run in a multiprocessor mode,
but with only one processor.
This mode is useful for debugging purposes, but is
generally less efficient than specifying 0 (true uniprocessor
operation).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
DsTerminate(3D)
