.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH DsInqErrorVars 3D  "Dore"
.SH NAME
DsInqErrorVars \- Return current error file and error handler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft 3
C:
.in  +.5i
void DsInqErrorVars(errorfile, errorhandler)
DtInt *errorfile;
DtPFI *errorhandler;
.sp
.in -.5i
FORTRAN:
.in +.5i
CALL DSQEV(ERRFIL, ERRHND)
INTEGER*4 ERRFIL    
INTEGER*4 ERRHND 
.in -.5i
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX DSQEV
.IX DsInqErrorVars
.I DsInqErrorVars
returns the current error file descriptor and error handler.
The parameter \f2errorfile\fP specifies the location of the current error file
descriptor.  The parameter \f2errorhandler\fP specifies the location of the
current error handler.  See \f2DsSetErrorVars\fP for a more detailed
description of the Dore error handling system.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
DsInqErrorMessage(3D), DsSetErrorVars(3D)
