.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH DsInqObjType 3D  "Dore"
.SH NAME
DsInqObjType \- This function is obsolete and
has been replaced by \f2DsInqObjClassId\f1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ft 3
C:
.in  +.5i
DtInt DsInqObjType(object)
DtObject object;
.sp
.in -.5i
FORTRAN:
.in +.5i
INTEGER*4 DSQOT(OBJECT)
INTEGER*4 OBJECT
.in -.5i
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX DSQOT
.IX DsInqObjType
.I DsInqObjType
finds an object's type given its object handle.
The parameter \f2object\fP specifies the object.
.PP
When an object is created, it is assigned a type.  This type is identical
to the class identifier of the class of which the object is an instance.
The class identifier for a particular class can be queried with
\f2DsInqClassId\fP <\f2DSQCI\fP>.
.SH ERRORS
.I DsInqObjType
will fail if the object handle is invalid; a -1 is returned.
.TP 15
[WARNING - invalid or deleted object]
.SH SEE ALSO
DsInqClassId(3D)
