.\"#ident "%W% %G%"
.\"
.\" # Copyright (C) 1994 Kubota Graphics Corp.
.\" # 
.\" # Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this material for
.\" # any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
.\" # above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
.\" # copies, and that the name of Kubota Graphics not be used in
.\" # advertising or publicity pertaining to this material.  Kubota
.\" # Graphics Corporation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY
.\" # OR SUITABILITY OF THIS MATERIAL FOR ANY PURPOSE.  IT IS PROVIDED
.\" # "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE
.\" # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" # PURPOSE AND KUBOTA GRAPHICS CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
.\" # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
.\"
.TH Naming_Conventions 3D "Dore"
.SH NAME
Naming_Conventions \- An explanation of function names used in Dore
.SH DESCRIPTION
All Dore functions start with a ``D''
followed by a single lower case letter specifying the type of
Dore function.
FORTRAN the entire function name is in upper case.>
The rest of the function name is a mnemonic, using
concatenated words or abbreviations
with the first character of each word in upper case.
.PP
The following table illustrates the second-letter mnemonic variations:
.sp
.nf
.ta .75i
\f3Dc\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2constant\fP value, used as a parameter
\f3Dd\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2device\fP function
\f3De\fPXXXXX	a Dore user \f2extension\fP function. Used when
	adding user-defined extensions to Dore; not typically
	used by application programs.
\f3Df\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2frame\fP function
\f3Dg\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2group\fP function
\f3Do\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2object creation\fP function
\f3Dp\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2primitive\fP function
\f3Ds\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2system\fP function, or object manipulation function
\f3Dt\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2type\fP declaration, used for passing parameters
\f3Dv\fPXXXXX	a Dore \f2view\fP function
.re
